highlight discussion time minimum (#44)
radicle-foundation/radworks-governance: manual.md

| Week 3 | Formal Review | Third Monday |  Open proposal for Formal Review |
| Week 4 | Submission | Fourth Monday | Submit proposal on-chain |

> > **Proposals can be posted to the forum for Discussion at anytime throughout the monthly cycle, but requires at least 7 days on the forum to be considered for that month’s voting cycle. If proposal are posted after the second Monday deadline of a proposal cycle, they will be included in the next cycle. New proposals should be posted in the [Proposal Discussions](https://community.radworks.org/c/governance/discussions/19) sub-category under the Governance category on the forum.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Proposals can be posted to the forum for Discussion at any time throughout the monthly cycle but require at least 7 days on the forum to be considered for that month's voting cycle. If proposals are posted after the second Monday deadline of a proposal cycle, they will be included in the next cycle. New proposals should be posted in the [Proposal Discussions](https://community.radworks.org/c/governance/discussions/19) sub-category under the Governance category on the forum.**
```
